Haha, are you kidding?
Ming Dynasty court teapot
那拿出一个就是现在到手价
最少得100万往上
No, no, this colorful teapot is worth 50 million
50 million. That's for the old man.
Do you have 1 million
Old man, I will obey you
Don't talk too vulgar
He can't even invite my master. Maybe?
Really know a big guy
Haha, I'm old, but my eyes are not bad.
Boy, I still say that
My granddaughter can't marry a loser
Get out of here
Otherwise I have to be polite
Grandpa
Throw him out!
young master
If I take out 1 million today
What do you do?
Haha, okay.
If you can get 1 million
I could consider marrying my granddaughter to you
This is what you said.
I have money on this card.
I'll know if you take it for inspection.